everyone gets to Portal Xing TV I welcome you to our second
Episode of our project we build a PC in today's broadcast I would like
you guys imagine the hard drives that block their system "
were kindly put by Siegel to leadership
We once got out of the Bawag or Series 3 that pot disks as well
a hard disk for the enterprise and server
around area
the percent better disks are each barracuda he 7200 points 11 um
there are up to a size of linen comma five by bike 1 we have
a little Preiner 20 more far hard drive
then a TERA at sound submit a one-comma 5 terabyte hard disk
The obstruction can eat each time disks
then there is living in Norman right up to the increasingly hard drives themselves
for hand data transfer rates up to 120 megawatts per second
who have the bigger 32 Negro White Ka Stiegl of a kind 16 megawatt cash
um are designed for low current systems
and there are closer to the hard drive each position guarantee of five
years
around
at the server hard disk that it with Barak or only at 2
The Birds not only delivered in the middle sata connection but also
with a taser is
by connection percent that's one percent
Connection format, which is compatible with Ska downwards
and especially in Enterprise our area percent is being used the
Hard drives offer percent transfer rates up to
around Riahi command LTi per second that's really crazy
this, of course
particularly interesting one big data streams on the hard disks
stores
or even media data for example
to be especially interesting for us because we are the area
Here are our records and a computer synonymous in the very safe
Area
in order to
Test percent on his abilities accordingly
The hard drives are said to be especially for the server and for that
enterprise area thought
also offer a special powertrain features
so that they are a particularly thrifty in standby mode percent that of course
even with large server farms is very important choice then appropriate
Number of firmer use has
Minden in the big data centers, of course, has every what's the Nine one
Disk uses percent important and can very quickly become very expensive yes
so much to the disks of seal the time through the hard drives summer
short
in the close-up
Dahl so that you get a death as the hard drives look that is natural
nothing special
but in the medial of impression from the disk gets 9% short
yes that should now be so far to those hard drives again many
thanks to you for your money that you have provided us with the disks
Of course I will show you Norma in the intended cases
Aldi like the hard drives will cool because we have a water cooling system
Innovate corner to get the leadership that allows us to the
said to cool the hard disk by water then we have housing shape
Lines SDI allows us a passive cooling of the hard drives which I will
then introduce Norma and of course you will get the hard drives
see the close-up after installation and then I can also
Details of percent of disks go down
and of course afterwards when the system is completely assembled I want
of course, see
the afloat hard disks are
especially the Bawag or only 12 2 percent very interesting there I am
looking forward to what three new data transfer rates
we can determine here
yes so much to today's broadcast to the next sad